ladies and gentlemen hello my name is
Karina domain and there they are bolt now in
Spain is a lot of Russians if from
examples are only positive
news about the speeches of Denis cheryshev
that is, a second how to say not very
the last big news is layoffs
Valeria Carpina from Mallorca and everyone remembers
that they wanted to fire him earlier but
Mallorca could not pay the amount
compensation is now the former team
team valeria carpina in sigulda
located on the 15th place in the first three
las palmas sporting gijon and
chirona
Mallorca has after twenty four
matches seven wins 6 draws
11 defeats in passive 30 swords crammed
37 27 points missing 20 points
lagging behind the leader zone yes and now
apparently the full amount of compensation Valery
Georgievich will not receive he refused
from 80 percent for the second year of the contract
and according to spanish smith should
get 300 400 thousand euros but this is more often
is nothing compared to what
early termination of contracts
gets many coaches of the world including
and in Russia, so let's see Yuri Krasnozhan
he received for termination of the contract with
the eleventh year locomotive from
one and a half million to 2 and a half
Leonid Kuchuk He, too, was fired from
locomotive but in the fourteenth year
just recently got a million from curl
eight hundred but don't forget glory
not greatness this trainer led the locomotive
the worst
result in Russian history to
ninth place in the thirteenth year he was
dismissed and received according to various data from 4
up to 7 million euros go further
jose mourinho the portuguese walked in chelsea
not bad and even won two championship
titles but in 2007 he quarreled with
Abramovich's novel and because of this and left
in compensation he received almost
3 million euros and
Barrett is also a collectible ferrari
it's funny that I persuade the novel Abramovich
for going back to london too
using ferrari
david moyes if brad pitt movie played
the role of the man who changed everything
that david moyes manchester united should
was to play a man who would replace
Sir Alex Ferguson himself a priori
overwhelming role in compensation
For his dismissal, David Moyes received from
Manchester United from 7 to 9 million
a euro would seem like a huge amount
but she did not embarrass him
because of bad performances
teams began to fall shares club Andre
villa-boash
new loan and new as it was called
he came to the part and sport winning there
national championship league europe cup
but in chelsea andre villash-boash not
lasted longer than nine months
defeat price bullet 13 first match 1 8
Champions League final then defeat in
national championship from west bromwich
and more resigns somewhere saying
that he received 12 million euros in
As compensation, where is that only
two so quickly found a new one
the team
his successor in chelsea roberto di matteo
also in the team for a long time not
He remained but
managed to fulfill a dream novel arkadyevich
Abramovich I won the Champions League for
Chelsea for the first time in the history of club and but was
fired at the start of the new season and in
as compensation first time
received 130 thousand pounds a week so far
I did not find a new job in Schalke
luis felipe skolari and great in england
salaries and very large compensation
no wonder that records break here
on compensation of 17 million euros such
Brazilian amount received 2009 when
was fired from a watch after 36 matches in
the head of this team has been since 2003
Abramovich's novel spent but penalties
coach about 70 million euros
half of this amount
this is compensation for possible dismissal
coach of our team Fabio Capello but
I hope this will not work for me
all the best